docs: update data access guidance (#26597)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/develop/accessing-data/archival-store/using-archival-store.mdx

## Using the Archival Service as a fallback

Apps can query the Archival Service when a full node returns retention-related errors. This application-level fallback does not happen inside the full node:

1. Send your recent-data query to the full node.

> 2. If the full node returns `NOT_FOUND` for data that should exist, retry against an Archival Service endpoint such as `archive.mainnet.sui.io:443` or your provider's archival URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apps can query the Archival Service when a full node returns retention-related errors. This application-level fallback does not implicitly happen inside the full node. 

If the full node returns `NOT_FOUND` for data that should exist, retry against an Archival Service endpoint such as `archive.mainnet.sui.io:443`.
```
